adjust material size for melting for armor parts, weapons, trap components and tools... (#4958)
DFHack/dfhack: docs/plugins/tweak.rst

    Names filled waterskins, flasks, and vials according to their contents,
    the same way other containers such as barrels, bins, and cages are named.
    (:bug:`4914`)

> ``material-size-for-melting``

Author: Thanks, used function name without thinking, realistic-melting "sounds" good to me.

    randomly return an amount that may be above or below the target. For example
    a metal cap with item size 1 will produce 0.9 of a bar with a 16.6% chance of
    producing an additional 0.3 of a bar. Over time, the average return for melting
    these types of caps will be ~0.95 of a bar. Calculations for melting return are
    done for items with base game production cost. Melting return might not be

>     calculated correctly for modded items or created in custom reactions not
>     respecting vanilla production costs. (:bug:`6027`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    calculated correctly for modded items or items created in custom reactions
    that don't respect vanilla production costs. (:bug:`6027`)
```
